All righty neighbor.
Hopefully you have the same setup as me.
Whether you download it whether you fall along Glass video and now it can start working on the background
property for our images.
Now first and foremost in the indexation demo we're going gonna create a div.
Now this div is going to have a class on the class.
It's gonna be big.
I am G and within this day.
Let's say that there is going to be just some hiring one with IBM IBM.
Let me make this proper one IBM big image.
Now let me copy and paste this.
Let's say one two three.
Then the second one is gonna be small.
So if it's a small image.
The third one is gonna be the folder image again kind of straightforward.
This is gonna be the small image and you probably really you can guess what we're going to be doing
anyway.
So it's a small image and then the last one is gonna be the holder image.
So I am all their image.
Nice to meet you.
Indexation Actually I'm all done.
Awesome.
Let's head over to styles assess first let's select all the divs and let's say the divs are not gonna
have any kind of with so they're gonna be spanning all across but we all gonna add some height so let's
say height is not gonna be two pixels I'd actually would be I don't know let's start out by four hundred
pixels I think that's gonna be a little bit too drastic here let's cover 300 pixels maybe that's gonna
be bigger.
Well at the moment it's still kind of big but you know what.
It's obviously the fact that I'm working with the browser window and I have zoomed in a lot so not there
I'm gonna zoom in there but zoom out over here because I always want you to see a little bit better
so I can see that I kind of went a little bit drastic where I had one seventy five.
So in this case it looks better with 125 so now I may be I can not really get 400 knot not 54000 more
5400 let's try 400.
Yeah and I think this is gonna do the job.
Excellent.
Also liked the color.
So let's right color is going to be red.
Let's save it.
So far so good.
Now let's start working with the backgrounds.
Now we have done already too many times the background property.
So I'm going to show you with a color.
However the whole point here is to show you can work with images.
So for the class of big image what I would like first of all it's like like the background.
That's gonna be the first step then for the background the value in this case is going to be U.R.L.
and this is where the difference comes in.
We're not placing the color we are writing the URL now within the URL we need to show the path.
So where this image is located now where is this image located the big image.
Well it's in exactly the same folder as our style CSF.
So it's very simply we can just look for the big image that I'm gonna do in the forward slash.
And in this case this would be the big image.
Now it can also let me just save it first of all just so you can see that there's going to be an image.
But let's look at the other options we had.
We obviously could have done it like this would have set it like this.
This would still going to work.
But again please remember it's going to depend whether you're opening up with the browser.
So if we're gonna go over here and if you're going to click on let's say indexation the amount then
the different paths are going to mess up over there as your opening directly in the browser.
So just keep in that mind.
So this is gonna be the safe one where even though I'm going to open up where the browser directly this
is still gonna work.
So again this is just something you need to keep an eye on.
Now I'd say this again.
And what else we have.
Well maybe let's just get out like this and say Big J Peg.
Now is this working.
I think it is.
Again we can do the same thing you know what.
Let me open up the new browser window and we're going to cover everything that we again did in the annexation
email.
So let me open this up.
So this one is working right now then let's do this guy.
When we had the quotation marks and I'm sorry if you already know this or it's annoying to you so it
would be showing here on my life server but if I'm gonna refresh it's not going to be working here as
I woke up this directly with the browser window.
So again this is something we already covered with the indexation email where we had the relative path
but this is something that we're going to work with the browsers as well as with development servers
and this is the syntax that you'll use a lot.
Whether that's going to be I can react or note or something like this again I digress.
But it can sometimes really throw you off if you're just messing around and if you're not getting the
correct values.
So for me I'm just gonna be sticking with this whatever you pick.
It's really up to you.
OK we have the background now with all my yammering about the actual path.
I didn't tell you that basically we're getting the image.
So that's the neat part where we have the background right now and the background is in fact image.
If I'm going to make this bigger still notice we're gonna have the nice image.
Now there's gonna be a couple of things that are happening by default and that is something we'd see
assess where some of the things you already have noticed like let's say display properties they already
preset.
Now one of the things that we're going to again cover in a few videos is the fact that this is repeating
the background image.
It fits one if the div is getting bigger it needs to fit another one.
This is gonna be repeating again.
We're not going to cover this right now.
We're just checking how this would look in general then let's do small image.
Remember that was the other one.
And again you know what.
In this case maybe let's just copy and paste it.
There is no reasoning for me to not copy and paste it because I think it's gonna save us a little bit
of time.
So it's a small image.
So I'm going to be looking for the small guy and check this out.
So I'm gonna change this again is in the same folder.
So I don't care.
I can just use small JPEG and what do we see or hear or we see that literally the image is repeated
not only the x direction but as well by direction.
Again that is something that's happening by default.
So it will gonna matter what kind of image you're making because I'm sorry using because the reason
why I wanted to show the small image is that even though we were going to cover lay around the properties
that affect this.
So technically we could get the same look where the small image is still gonna be covering a whole day
of it is gonna be distorted and it's not going to be very pretty.
So it does matter what kind of image you're picking.
So please don't pick like an image of twenty five and twenty five and then wonder well why my image
looks so bad or why does it doing this repetition.
Because that is something that's happening by default and I know that's quite a lot that you kind of
have to remember that.
OK.
The display properties by default.
This is by default but there's nothing I can do.
Just this is how it is.
Here it is happening by default.
And I just need to cover it.
Now last one is gonna be folded image successfully or happily that was the big one.
Let's say small and I don't know why the deleted image could have just said with folder.
Now I don't want to use the small one.
Now I have to look in the folder.
Now the reason here again wants to show you that we need to use the path.
So we have to use the path where we're looking for the images.
Then with the images what we have.
Well we have folder image.
Now we were successful.
And now I'm getting the folder image.
So big takeaways.
If you want to place an image use the background property that we already have covered many times with
the colours then use the URL and then within the URL knee you need to get an image.
But please understand that the image you're picking matters because the small image is gonna be repeated.